hey welcome to fantasy football live on
TJ Jefferson I'm here with my man Justin
Mooney we want to get you ready for week
9 of this season by letting you know who
our top waiver wire pickups are so
Justin quarterback pickings are slim
who's out there well it's week nine so
you know you should have made plans for
this but if you injuries if hit you or
whatever a guy you can look at is Vince
Young Vince Young you know he runs
that's really all you're taking him for
he's not a great passer he's never been
a great pastor but he's a guy if he can
get you a touchdown if he can get you 50
60 yards that's a bonus on top of
whatever passing he does he doesn't have
a great matchup this week but he's a guy
you might want to pick up put on the
bench and see what he does he's had a
lot of time to think a lot of time to
work on his game and he could be someone
that rebounds and we can see what he can
do for the rest of the year what about
running back anyone there that you
looking at well i'm looking at ryan
moats and really everyone is he jumped
into the national scene with three
touchdowns last week steve slaton keeps
putting the ball on the ground so now he
said hasn't made a decision on what
they're doing it is it going to be
Slayton how much is brown going to be
involved I think most of the guy you
definitely want to pick up he's going to
get touches for sure and there's just a
matter of whether is it going to be
split carries or is he going to be the
feature back and you'll sub two other
guys that you like I got a couple other
guys I like this week depending on Kevin
Smith's help I like maurice morris he's
going back to seattle so there's a
revenge factor and there he got about
ten points last week and and you know
detroit does get points for the running
back so I think he's definitely got to
look at one more guy to look at he's not
playing this week but he's a guy that's
produced an average of ten points over
ten points the last three weeks and
that's justin fargas i mean yes he's on
the raiders and they're just fantasy
garbage but he's actually put up some
decent numbers and you're gonna own
anyone on that team right now he's the
guy you want to have all right now we're
going to move on the wide receiver and I
know there's a few guys lingering out
there so tell me you got well Chris
Chambers was released from San Diego
this week and so Malcolm Floyd who's
already had 50 yards or a touchdown the
last three weeks he now moves into the
number two position he's a huge target
he's someone that Phil rivers already
has a rapport with and I think he's
going to increase those numbers he could
be 70 yards ADR
and maybe a touchdown here there he's a
good guy to have the rest of the year
he's a wide receiver 3 but he's a guy
that you're gonna be able to spot
starting good matchups like this week
against the Giants another guy to look
at is we said to drop him well now we're
telling you to pick him back up that's
Terrell Owens he's the player he's got
great matchups after his bye week
against Jacksonville and Tennessee those
are bad pass defenses he had a nice
30-something yard run last week so he's
getting a little more involved in the
offense and he is just a Hall of Fame
talent so I don't think we can white put
the fork in there even though I've been
trying to stick it in it's not quite in
yet so Terrell Owens if he's been
dropped pick him up maybe he'll do
something bring in two weeks okay now
tight in I know the pickings are real
slim but is there anyone out there there
are so many good tight ends that were
out there and we've been telling you to
pick them up the Vernon Davis the Brent
Celek all right well now it's it's
crunch time and against Tampa Bay Green
Bay is starting donley Donald Lee
because jar Michael Finley is out
Donnelly's a guy that you can pick up
and kind of cross your fingers and hope
to get something's got 33 targets on the
air he is involved don't worry about
what happened her did last week or a few
weeks ago when he got those touchdowns
those are just vulture touchdowns
Donley's the involved tight end in this
offense Aaron Rodgers would be a bit
banged up the offensive line is not
getting better so he's going to be
checking down he's gonna be looking for
Donnelly and he's some of that could
maybe you know sneaky a touchdown or
something okay what about defense well
defense there's actually a great start
for the week out there and that's
Seattle there they're hosting detroit
now Seattle's played two really awful
teams that was Jacksonville in st. Louis
they shut both of those teams out had
monster fantasy weeks well now they're
playing detroit and detroit you could
have a monster fantasy week against them
so when Seattle plays a bad team and
Detroit is a bad team they're actually a
really good start and they're available
in a lot of leagues so if you need a
defense or if you've only got an average
defense look for Seattle pick them up
same Detroit as bad as like saying Halle
Berry is kind of cute I think you were
vastly understating the terribleness
that is the Detroit Lions well as a
Chicago Bear fan I don't mind kicking
them on their down well there you go
those are our top waiver wire pickups
for week 9
for just a mooney I'm TJ Jefferson good
luck and we'll see you next week on
fantasy football live